Release v0.4.0 (#57)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.4.0] (2022-11-24)

> Adds support for the ads API, Picture in Picture and stall events on both Android and iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version introduces the advertising API, full Picture in Picture support and exposes Stall events.
```

### Added

> - Ads API support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Advertising API support.
```
